# ParsingKelompok10
Aplikasi parsing berbasis desktop menggunakan bahasa C# dengan ketentuan sebagai berikut:
1. "An associative object may have an additional state model to manage the creation of instances of the associative object. The name
of this state model is <object>_ASSIGNER where <object> is the name of the associative object. The KeyLetter of this state model is <KL>_A where <KL> is the KeyLetter of the associative object. The analyst must avoid creating another object in the IM with the same name or KeyLetter as those of the assigner state model.". Jika tidak sesuai maka akan memunculkan output "Sintax error number 16".
2. "As a consequence of the previous two rules, each state model will have a unique name and each state model will have a unique KeyLetter.". Jika tidak sesuai maka akan memunculkan output "Sintax error number 17".
3. "Each state within a state model must have a unique name. The full name of a state has the form <state_model>.<state>. Note that the <state> part of the full state name can be the same in several state models.". Jika tidak sesuai maka akan memunculkan output "Sintax error number 18".
4. "Each state within a state model is also
assigned a unique number.". Jika tidak sesuai maka akan memunculkan output "Sintax error number 19".
5. "External entities ( also known as terminators ) are those entities that are not part of the subsystem but do generate events to and receive events from state models. Each external entity is also assigned a KeyLetter which must be unique over all external entities, objects, and state models within the subsystem.". Jika tidak sesuai maka akan memunculkan output "Sintax error number 20".
6. "An object representing timers is part of the OOA formalism. The object is named TIMER and is assigned the KeyLetter TIM; both the name and KeyLetter are reserved and cannot be used for other objects in the IM. The attributes of the object are timer_id, instance_id, event label, time remaining, and timer status. The TIMER object is not shown on the IM. The object has a state model which receives events to set and reset a timer, and generates an event when the timer has expired.". Jika tidak sesuai maka akan memunculkan output "Sintax error number 21".
7. "An event is directed towards one and only one state model or external entity. Further more if the state model formalizes the lifecycle of an object, then the event is directed to a single specific instance of the object.". Jika tidak sesuai maka akan memunculkan output "Sintax error number 24".
